*** Source Bundles
zlib - 1.2.11
libiconv - 1.15
openssl - 1.1.1g
curl - 7.61.1
proj - 4.9.1
expat - 2.1.0
libkml - 1.3
libxml2 - 2.9.10
libmicrohttpd - 0.9.46
ogdi - 3.2.0
geos - 3.4.3
sqlcipher - 3.4.2
javasqlite-pgsc - Modified version of the native portions only of
                  javasqlite-20140624 from
                  http://www.ch-werner.de/javasqlite. Modification history
                  unknown. Copy of raster/pgsc/spatialite/exp-jsql.tar.gz.
                  Adds spatialite support and changes the package
                  name to match those employed by the Java counterpart
                  used by ATAK, maybe other changes as well
libspatialite - 4.3.0a
protobuf - cpp-3.5.1



*** pthreads binary bundle:

pthreads-win32.zip: v2.9.1-release, rebuilt by Chris Lawrence using VS2013


*** Patches:
proj-pgsc.patch - Minor change to jni interface. Derived from old
                  raster/pgsc/spatialite/exp-spatialite.sh script
openssl-pgsc.patch - Pass PERL var to recursive make calls.
                  Disable check for windows paths since we use cygwin perl
libmicrohttpd-pgsc-win32.patch - Changes the VC++ project file
                     to build static libraries against the DLL-based
                     runtimes so that result can be used in other
                     DLLs or apps built against the DLL runtime
expat-pgsc.patch - Fix include for close(), read(), etc. on ios-arm64
                   Add android arm64 to autoconf
expat-pgsc-winproj.patch - Add 64-bit build config to MSVC project files
libspatialite-pgsc.patch - Android compatibility for package's autoconf
                   Fix several places where library would have undefined
                   references if OMIT_ICONV was defined (which we do)
                   Fixes makefile.vc (windows) to not hardcode the path
                   to supporting headers and libs
                   Adjust config-msvc.h to match our setup (copied from old
                     build in [CVS]/SpatiaLite)
                   Fix buggy macro test for MSVC compilers around alternate
                     rint() implementation inclusion
                   Fix iconv use on ios
                   Add android arm64 to autoconf
libiconv-pgsc.patch - Fix detection of LD when running on a windows/cygwin
                   build host and crossing for Android.  Fixes broken line
                   endings during configure runs and deriving vars for libtool
curl-pgsc.patch - Fix detection of LD and a few other things that break
                  when building for android (or anything using configure)
                  on cygwin with text mount
protobuf-pgsc.patch - Fix detection of LD when running on a windows/cygwin
                   build host and crossing for Android.  Fixes broken line
                   endings during configure runs and deriving vars for libtool
sqlcipher-pgsc.patch - Add Android host detection and arm64 to config.sub, and
                   ability to build for android in cygwin
ogdi-pgsc.patch - Numerous hacks to ogdi's ancient and obtuse build
                   system for both Windows and Android and Linux.
                   Also removes RPC parts since we don't want that as a 
                   dependency.
geos-pgsc.patch - Add support for newer nmake version in VS2015 Update 3 and
                   building for android from windows/cygwin
libkml-pgsc.patch - Fix various issues with libkml
libkml-pgsc-postac.patch - Fixes applied after autoconf is run
libkml-pgsc-win*.patch - Fixes for Windows project files (mostly adding 64-bit)
